# Hospital Databaes-Management-System
This project is aimed at developing a “Hospital Management System”. It is a system meant to maintain all the details regarding patients, storing their details into the system, and also computerized billing in the pharmacy, and labs. Retrieval of all data’s from database just by giving the patient Id.
Hospital Management System is designed to improve the quality and management of hospital in the areas of clinical process analysis and activity-based costing. Hospital Management System enables you to develop your organization and improve its effectiveness and quality of work. Managing the key processes efficiently is critical to the success of the hospital helps you manage your processes. 
The Hospital Management System can be entered using a username and password. The data are well protected for personal use and makes the data processing very fast. Hospital Management System is powerful, flexible, and easy to use and is designed and developed to deliver real conceivable benefits to hospitals. 
The project Hospital Management system includes registration of patients, storing their details into the system by using database. The software has the facility to give a unique id for every patient and stores the details of every patient and the staff manually and also it allocates the room, appointment etc. Admin can view availability of a doctor and the details of a patient using the name, id. Hospital Management System is designed for multi specialist hospitals, to cover a wide range of hospital administration and management processes. It also aims at providing low-cost reliable automation of the existing systems. The system also provides excellent security of data at every level of user-system interaction and also provides excellent security of data at the level of user-system interaction and also provides robust and & reliable storage and facilities.
